You'll keep going. I think I might have a signal
Come on
Where are we going? Yeah, we head into the camp
You should be worried that something's gonna eat you what may you'll be
Be nice to your sister
You two have to start looking out for each other
Okay, even on the road people are looking to hurt us
The verbose would be searching the road and we have to stay close together
Do not let us out of your sight
Understand yes
Come on, we'll be safe once we reach the camp
Have you been able to reach anyone?
There's barely enough signal to send a text let alone call anyone
I was able to get a test from in awkward this morning. We should be able to catch up to them soon
Hopefully by tomorrow
How much longer do we have to go
It's going to be a wash till Zouadi
Maybe I have a man go for you may on be stay close
Good come on son. You need to keep moving
Just taste you
Good to see you
You know call oh man
What's that? I'm running my son
It's happened so quickly when I got the call I grabbed my go bag and that was it
We seen a few others from the congregation headed for the camp as well
But see fine. I waiting to slow move in groups
See for are you okay?
A little bit tired. Oh here. Let me hold your back for a bit. Oh, thank you
Thank you. I have some more time for this you need it too. Oh see for
I'm so proud of you
You were prepared even more than we were
Musa can I talk to you about something sure man
I am so sorry
I should have listened
My son
No one is perfect
Don't dwell on your mistakes. Chobo is patient with us
We correct our mistakes and we move on
Take it from an old man. There are many more lessons to learn
You're too kind to me Musa. Thank you so much. Oh, you're welcome my son. You're welcome
You remember the account of the Apostle Paul
No, no, no, no, no, I don't I don't
He traveled many miles for Chobo does anyone remember some of the things that happened to him
He was shipwrecked
Four times actually
Didn't people try to kill him?
Yes
We know what that's like
But Paul relied on Chobo
He trusted him completely
His example teaches us
That we can face dangerous situations
And with Chobo's help we can make it through
Paul's faith in God's promises help him to he do
You've been talking about these ghost promises
Since we were kids
Yes, Dunia
It is true
I've been waiting on Chobo's promises for a long time
Perhaps even longer than I expected
It wasn't immediate for Paul
But every one of Chobo's promises came true
Not one word of his has failed
It's the same today
Knowing Chobo's promises
Helps us to endure these situations
patiently
You learn these things when you were a child
Now you have grown up
Now that Chobo loves you
He wants to protect you
Notice what he tells us in his word
At Isaiah for the Ace chapter
Notice verse 17
I Chobo
Amani
I was speaking to the group
They are heading back
They said I can't visit a few days ahead
But that's what people don't move at a normal speed
Looking at
Sifar and Babam is that
Do you think we will ever get there
They even said the company is overcrowded
What if we get there and we can't even get in
I really don't know
Amani, you don't know
It's about time you make that decision for the family
This is about us
We can't always be following the group
You know what
Let me think about it
Okay
Come on
Amani
Brothers
I was able to get a text from your Chobo
It seems most from the congregation have made it across the border
Oh, that's wonderful news
How's the situation there
You know with so many fleeing
The camp is overwhelmed
But our brothers are there waiting to get in
It's good to know that they made it safely
And how you liked it
Your Chobo women mentioned that there's a small kingdom hall and a congregation
Inside the camp
But that's all the message said
But brothers
It's good to know that we aren't far off
I'm so sorry. I'm slowing the group down
I'm not as strong as I used to be
Not since
Musa
We are holding this together
Yes
But you saw what
You know we were thinking
Let's stop and rest here
For a few days before we continue on to the camp
I don't think I can contain
Of course you can
We will help you
Amani
I'm too weak
My son
Don't be here, Chobo
I'm not ready to say goodbye
Mrs. Nagribai
Remember Amani
Your strength
Will be
In keeping calm
In showing trust
Chobo will fulfill his promises
Just be patient
We should read
Just promises to me
I would like to
Yeah, his voice
Just a little while longer
We could do we no more
You look at where they were
And they will not be there
But the meek
Will pose us the earth
And they will find a squishy delight
In the abundance of peace
We didn't sleep
Thinking about Musa
I miss him too
I'm scared, Dad
What if we can't make it to the camp
What if something happens to your mom
Well
Something should happen
Just keep heading to the camp
And find a congregation inside
That's your family
You'd be safe
Okay
And son
Chobo will always be with you
All you have to do is just trust in him
Just like Musa did
Musa was strong
Because of his virtual routine
He gave power
From reading God's word regularly
May only
You can do the same
Here
He wanted you to have it
I know you're not gonna forget him
And if you cannot forget him
Think about Jehovah
He always remembers his loyal ones
Like Musa
Before we leave yet
I want to say a few words to the group
About Musa
When I do
You think it could help me by reading Job Chapter 14
Okay
Now
When you read from it
Do it in a way that shows you know
Every word of it
To be true
It comes from Jehovah
Should we read together now
Okay
If a man dies
Can he live again
I'll wait all the days of my compulsory service
Until my relief comes
You'll call
And I want to
Do that
Oh wait
I'm sorry
I need to take a break
It's okay
This is a good place to come for the night
Okay, Sifu
I'll get you okay feet
Let me see if I can find you some more water
Thank you Noko
Bomby
Can you help me get more firewood
Okay, come on
There is good news
Tens of settled back home
Don't yet
Not right now
Come on
Keep up
I was speaking with the group up there
They have enough supplies
We can join them and go back
Don't yet
Do you see Sifu
We need to get Sifu help
We need to get her in the camp as soon as possible
We don't have to live in the camp
We can have everything all back
The house, the land, even the job, the near way
Wait
Kids
Run
Anything
Nothing yet
But the money in the near is still searching
How's Farajan done
Not good
We're going to get through this
Jawadi
Maombi
Big brother
Know you tired
Well
We're going to find them
I know they are smart kids
They will know to head back
What do you mean
Think of it
If you were a kid lost
Where would you go
Home
You remember when we were kids on the road fleeing
That was the only place we knew to go
Home
I know for sure that these kids are heading back home
Maombi trust me on that
I don't know
Maombi
Wake up
We've searched everywhere
For the kids
And look at Sifu
She is suffering
Where is Papa Musana
We just buried Papa Musana
He is dead
Wake up
Are you still trusting these people to guide your life
Remember my money
Your strength
Will be
In keeping calm
In showing trust
I'm citing that
Jehovah will fulfill his promises
Just be patient
No dunia
I thought I knew best
Look I put my family in danger when I ignored direction
But you know what
These people love Jehovah
And is Jehovah
Who is guiding our lives
I'm trusting in Jehovah
We are continuing on to the camp
I'm money
I'm very very sorry then
I can't help you then
That's for me
I am going home
Dunia
Father Jehovah
Please help me
Most dunia
He left
He's going back
What about the children
We're going to find them
They could be anywhere
I know love
But they are not alone
Jehovah is going to help them
It's our job to protect them
Where the parents
They're just kids
You're right
And we trained them to be obedient
We did tell them if anything they go wrong
They were to keep going to the camp
And find a congregation
There is no way
I'm living here without my babies
I can't
Fraja
I saw them run into the woods
They got away
They could be waiting for us
They are sticking to the plan
I'm money is right
And we'll keep searching for them
In the direction of the camp
This would be a good time for us to ask for Jehovah's help
Why don't we do that
And where's Jehovah?
You care for the kids as well
Okay
No, go
Please stay with her
We'll keep looking for the kids
Okay
See if they'll take care of you
I'll go ahead and see if somebody has seen the kids
Excuse me
Have you seen these two around here?
This one
By this tall?
No
On the girl?
You seen these two kids?
No
Girls about this tall
Not even on the way here
You seen these two kids?
No
Excuse me
You see these two kids coming?
We have so many kids coming through
Here are your food ration cards
Make sure to pick up your 10 items behind you
And you get more information to next steps
Keep moving
Next
He's the brother's
My son's
Zewati?
Zewati!
I'm so proud of you, my little man
Thank you
You are so brave
You two good care of Zewati
Why are you two out there alone?
What?
Dad
How much longer do we have to be here?
We don't know
We just have to wait
Patiently
But
Are we ever going to go back home?
Well
Remember what Musa said
We have to commit our way to Jehovah
All of this
It is just temporary
What does the Bible say
Jehovah's promises are
That they're everlasting
Yeah
It's sadly
Forever
This can't live
I'm not the ideal
But we're going to make the best out of it
But how
We just have to focus on what we have
We are safe
We have the brothers
You know the congregation
But most importantly we have Jehovah
And we have each other
Of course
We do have each other
And
We really are going to try
To make this place feel like home
That will mean school for you and Zewati
Yeah I know
And the ministry for all of us
Meetings
Family worship
And helping those in need
That's soccer
Of course
Playing soccer
You love soccer too much
You ready to show me what you got
Yeah come on
Let's go
Committing our way to Jehovah
Requires faith
And obedience
Our faith is not just a thought or feeling
For we are absolutely convinced
That Jehovah's way of doing things
Is always right
We also show that we trust Jehovah
When we obey the direction
Receive from his organization
It has not always been easy
But we have seen the blessing that come from listening
And obeying
We have to trust those whom Jehovah trust
Even if we may not understand the direction at the time
Strengthening our commitment to Jehovah now
Will cause us to obey him implicitly in the future
Please convince yourself every day
That all of Jehovah's promises for the future will come true
And never forget
The words are Psalm 37 verse 5
Commit your way to Jehovah
rely on him
And he will act in your behalf
Our dear baptismal candidates
Is that time
We invite you to please stand